allô peachy fam how do you do today
today is an exciting day I just got
something in the mail
I'm so excited if you're new around here
or did not see the vlog I got ran over
by a taxi riding my booster board a
booster board is just an electric
skateboard when you live somewhere like
New York City it truly is the best way
to get around because you just press a
button on a remote and the electric
skateboard takes you places and very
fastly fastly that's not a word got ran
over by a taxi my board just snapped and
so I sent it in to mr. board it took a
while but I finally have my board back a
moment of silence for this beautiful
thing so I had to replace the entire
like actual board so look how clean that
looks it looks like I have a new board
look at how bright that boost it is Wow
Wow I'm running around all day doing
errands because it's honestly not that
crazy cold today but it's getting there
so I have a limited time with it so I'm
not having a lot of you guys are like
buy a new poster board just get a new
one um but I actually have put in my
order for the V 2 however the second
version of this board has been
experiencing issues so the people who
have already the V 2 boosted board
boosted is now asking them to not write
it and they stopped all the shipping of
the version 2 of the sport which is
super lame I know everyone is always
like rainbows butterflies with boosted
but I'm actually kind of disappointed
and then kind of that $1,500 or however
much a version to booster board has been
out of my account for like months I got
the email like last month or maybe two
months ago that it's gonna be shipping
it's on its way the money was taken out
of my account and then a problem
happened and they halted all shipping so
it's just kind of lame to have that
money taken out and to not have really
any real updates from boosted or to not
have a board for like months that's lame
that's kind of lame goostin I love you
guys but what the heck what the heck in
other news I hope you guys are doing
great
want to say thank you thank you for
coming back to my channel
Monday Wednesday Friday thank you for
watching my videos and thank you for
just being part of the peachy fam I got
a lot of cool stuff coming up planned
for 2017 can't wait to take you guys
with me and yeah I hope you know you
wrap up 2016 in epic ways and 2017 is
only going to get better for us rectum
gonna be killing it today is going to be
a very apartment D vlog I am leaving to
go back home to visit my family for the
holidays tomorrow
whoa I'm going back to Texas for two
weeks two weeks two weeks that is insane
I wish I could just bring all my family
up to New York to be honest that would
be that would be ideal but it'll be good
to be back in Texas to visit Sam and
some peeps so with that I have just all
the things to do in the span of like 12
hours um and so yeah I'm going to do
some peel box openings got some packages
and some letters and then I just asked
on my Twitter for some questions for a
QA and you guys are lighten up lighten
up the notifications you are asking all
the questions and so far they're like
fabulous they're really cool questions
so yeah let's get into it
woo if you guys have sent me a letter or
package I open up every single one of
them and I just want to say specifically
to people who do that thank you everyone
doesn't end up in a blog and I'm sorry
for that but just thank you for taking
out time in your day to write a letter
to mail package and send it to me quick
story time I guess I was at the
Container Store buying shelves you know
those awesome shelves that I just I just
made in the previous vlog like two blogs
ago
um and someone came up to me and was
like Sarah I watch your blogs you're
awesome and we had a great conversation
excited conversation it was great no
idea what this is and I went on our ways
and he shot me an email later that night
apologizing for coming up to me because
you know it was like sorry to bother you
you were just shelf shopping I didn't
want to be a nuisance and I'm here to
say if you see me out in public and I'm
either alone or just hanging out with
friends and it's not like an intimate
setting come up to me say hi it is the
coolest thing the world that I have a
job that strangers like know about and
appreciate and get inspired and
entertained from that is the coolest
thing ever is you know now be polite
about it
let's like have a conversation let's
take a selfie like that's dope so never
never feel weird about that cuz that's
that's really cool hi Sarah oh my gosh I
know this a try shampoo will come in
handy during your travels you have no
idea how much I survived off of dry
shampoo so thank you for drop-dead
gorgeous
dry shampoo sir I just watch your vlog
Apple coffee table book I have two
recommendations for you one mind the map
two cabins by Philip Joe do you guys has
so many great questions so let's begin
I'm gonna talk super fast so I can
answer a ton of them thoughts on college
and what you have still dropped out of
college
even when YouTube wasn't a full-time job
yet okay great question when I dropped
out YouTube was not my full-time job I
dropped out mid December 2015 one
actually so I dropped out December 15th
so the time you're watching this it is
almost exactly one year anniversary of
me dropping out of college yeah
whoop when I dropped out of college I
was not full-time youtube I did not have
the Adobe Creative residency I dropped
out on the more than a hunch but on the
knowledge of I can do video I have the
confidence in myself that I'm going to
get to where I want to be eventually
even if I have to do years and years of
boring corporate interview stuff to pay
the rent I am doing this because college
is miserable I don't want to go into
financial debt for it so I dropped out
without the certainty of really anything
but two months later I got the Adobe
Creative residency and my youtube
channel blew up and now I am living the
dream but you know it was just half of
it was having the confidence and myself
to just do it you're not going to move
forward in life if you're not taking
risks you know Wow something for your
wall it's so pretty thank you the wall
is slightly coming together next
question if you had infinite money and
didn't mean to work a day of your life
would you still be doing the same things
100% I would still be doing what I am
doing I would not be able to survive
without making videos maybe I would be
in a penthouse in Chelsea or Tribeca but
I'd still be in New York City I would
still be making videos and chasing after
and you know my my hopes and dreams so
100% stickers what does this shoot film
film photography project I did just get
a film camera so I'm assuming it is
about that
okay cool so Dan has a YouTube channel
dedicated to film photography oh no way
Dan you literally sent me film
this is perfect because I bought a film
camera without buying film Dan thank you
dude will you ever come to Austria
I love Austrian high school I got the
opportunity to go to Innsbruck Vienna
and Salzburg and Sproat Austria is one
of
places I've ever been in my life and I
would love to go back I don't know when
but Austria of course always on the list
what is the biggest thing you have
learned about yourself in 2016 that
freaking anything is possible you have
where you are and you have the end goal
only thing in between is to work you
know
oh is this Sarah only P o box alright so
we'll take this Sarah only pays for your
videos especially the one where you
interviewed an artist we talked about
hoops paint that's cool yeah my
four-year-old daughter and I painted the
Playhouse we built on the cheap thanks
to you
oh we made a video about it that's so
sweet
please use the support on anything you
see fit lattes lunch custard border
pears Julian Julian what is in this box
Thank You Julian oh my gosh
hi dude what Wow Julian thank you I
don't really want to show this cuz I
don't want to encourage this type of Pio
boxing but I want to say a genuine thank
you I will definitely take you up on the
invite if I am ever in your area I know
y'all are quite like what's in the box
oh just it involves swag I've never I've
never helped or seen a $2.00 bill in my
life before how do you feel Graham the
church helped shape who you are
especially in your teen years growing up
the church was everything to me I was
pretty like lonely in high school
everyone if I went to school with like
was chill but I just really had no
interest and hanging out with them after
after schools there's a lot of a lot of
lonely nights but it wasn't how I got
really involved my church by playing
guitar when is what was really what I
found like my community and my core
group of friends and then that is also
where I learned a lot about not owning
music and how to play guitar but video I
would be up there all the time
volunteering just offering my time how I
could help and you know I was constantly
asking questions like Oh
camera how do you use that how do I do
that you know what I would offer um time
to it and I would edit things and this
is a volunteer and it I learned a lot
there it really helps to have people
that you can just go to and ask
questions about creative stuff so that
that played a huge part in who I was in
high school my teen years but also who I
am now that does this but this this oh I
know this is
no business this is actually very
topical something really cool just
happened couple months ago I jumped out
of a plane I went skydiving but I went
skydiving in 360 so I have one of those
like Samsung 360 cameras and so I made
this whole like 360 video of me
skydiving jumping out of a plane it just
hit get ready for it two million views
Shh how crazy is that are you proud of
your girl yeah I'm stoked lied can the
company I guess makes there are the
people who make like the fancy glidecam
gimbal things so you attach your camera
to it you get really smooth motion and I
guess they have one or like a modified
one for 360 oh it's one of these things
okay this is this is gonna be cool yeah
like you're crazy Meal Time thank you
everyone a few more questions very
quickly when you went to New York to
pursue film did you go in blind or have
something lined up what was your plan I
had visited New York five different
times before in the span of three months
for different jobs and different
opportunities and so I already had a
really good network of people in New
York and so once I got to New York it
wasn't a matter of meeting people but it
was a matter of I know all these cool
people how can i connect all these cool
people to all know each other and just
create this insane squad and I think um
yeah that's been done and it keeps on
keeps on happening and expanding the
squad are you planning for any future
projects other than creative spaces TV
of course all the things it's I'm
telling you 2017 gonna be are you ever
going to do a series covering lenses and
equipment more of a training series in a
vlog
yeah I mean I do tutorials stuff all the
time um make sure to like follow me on
Twitter and stuff to keep up with it but
I just did a Premiere Pro a livestream
where I answer your questions and I walk
through Adobe Premiere and how to edit
and that it lives on my channel um but
yeah I definitely
I'm always thinking of what tutorials
can I be doing what tech reviews and
stuff I'll definitely do a video just on
gear very very soon
how did you get started I'm sure
everyone knows but I am new here welcome
if you are new welcome to the peachy fan
a basically long story short in high
school I did basketball I was a
basketball player and then I quit
basketball my junior year of high school
and I got into music I played in a band
I played for my church I was really into
music music was my life then I went to
college for electrical engineering music
kind of put on the back burner and then
I discovered video became obsessed with
video I transferred majors from
Electrical Engineering to computer
science
turns out I hated computer science too I
moved to Nashville lasted two months at
Belmont dropped out pursued video two
months later after dropping out my
YouTube channel kind of blew up and I
got this thing called the adobe creative
residency and now I am just doing video
living in New York City I moved from
Nashville Tennessee to New York and now
just live in that hustle and grind life
with all my peeps in New York City I'm
originally from Dallas Texas so I went
Dallas Texas Nashville Tennessee New
York New York what places are you
looking forward to visit that you still
haven't oh I have a very exciting
announcement of summer that I will be
going in January coming soon I think I'm
going to Instagram about it tomorrow
so who follow me on the gram
I'm so excited about this one how old
are you really
I feel like you look like 15 half the
time and fifty the other half well
Donald I'm not sure how to take that but
I am 22 years old I was born in August
1994 so near Cannon 100% sunny used to
be Canon now I am Sony with that I'm
going to conclude this mail /qa
stuff it was fun thank you for joining
me I know I kind of stayed in one place
this entire video but yeah next time you
will see me I will be in Texas
I'm pumped for those vlogs are you
pumped for those those Texas logs but
yeah until next time guys stay peachy
okay bye
let's call your name so we're gonna go
celebrate her on her way
[Music]
you